Jarvis: Your Personal AI Assistant

Jarvis is a voice-controlled AI assistant designed to help you manage your day-to-day tasks, provide information, and control your smart home devices.
Features

    Calendar Management: Create, edit, and delete calendar events using natural language commands.

    Task Management: Create and manage tasks with due dates and priorities.

    Habit Tracking: Set up habits and track your progress towards achieving them.

    Information Retrieval: Get weather forecasts, restaurant recommendations, and other information through voice queries.

    Smart Home Control: Control your Wyze smart lights and other compatible devices.

    Communication: Send text messages to contacts using voice commands.

    Translation: Translate text to and from different languages.

    Music Control: Play, pause, skip, and shuffle music from your preferred music service.

    Open Apps: Open applications on your device using voice commands.

Technologies Used

    Speech Recognition (Whisper, DeepSpeech)

    Natural Language Processing (OpenAI ChatGPT API)

    Google Calendar API

    Google Maps API

    Wyze API

    Python

Installation and Setup

    Clone the repository: git clone https://github.com/your-username/Jarvis.git

    Install the required dependencies: pip install -r requirements.txt

    Set up your API keys and other sensitive information in the secrets.py file.

    Configure your default microphone and speaker settings.

Usage

    Run the main.py script to start Jarvis.

    Speak your commands or questions clearly into the microphone.

    Jarvis will respond with relevant information or perform the requested actions.

Examples

    "Create a meeting with John tomorrow at 10 AM."

    "What's the weather like in New York City?"

    "Turn on the living room lights."

    "Play my workout playlist."

    "Translate 'Hello, how are you?' to Spanish."

Disclaimer

This project is still under development and may contain bugs or limitations.
Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please see the CONTRIBUTING.md file for guidelines.
License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
